README.md, before:

# Hexo

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo)  [![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/hexo.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/hexo) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/hexojs/hexo/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/hexojs/hexo?branch=master) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/hpx3lduqjj2t6uqq/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/tommy351/hexo/branch/master) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/hexojs/hexo.svg)](https://gitter.im/hexojs/hexo?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge) [![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20discord-7289da.svg)](https://discord.gg/teM2Anj)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo) [![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo?type=dev)

A fast, simple & powerful blog framework, powered by [Node.js](https://nodejs.org).

## Features

- Blazing fast generating
- Support for GitHub Flavored Markdown and most Octopress plugins
- One-command deploy to GitHub Pages, Heroku, etc.
- Powerful plugin system

## Installation

``` bash
$ npm install hexo-cli -g
```

## Quick Start

**Setup your blog**

``` bash
$ hexo init blog
$ cd blog
```

**Start the server**

``` bash
$ hexo server
```

**Create a new post**

``` bash
$ hexo new "Hello Hexo"
```

**Generate static files**

``` bash
$ hexo generate
```

## More Information

- Visit the [Awesome Hexo](https://github.com/hexojs/awesome-hexo) list
- Read the [documentation](https://hexo.io/)
- Find solutions in [troubleshooting](https://hexo.io/docs/troubleshooting.html)
- Join discussion on [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/hexo)
- See the [plugin list](https://hexo.io/plugins/) and the [theme list](https://hexo.io/themes/) on wiki
- Follow [@hexojs](https://twitter.com/hexojs) for latest news

## License

MIT

Commit message:

chore: update README for Contributing

README.md, after:

# Hexo

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo)  [![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/hexo.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/hexo) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/hexojs/hexo/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/hexojs/hexo?branch=master) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/hpx3lduqjj2t6uqq/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/tommy351/hexo/branch/master) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/hexojs/hexo.svg)](https://gitter.im/hexojs/hexo?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge) [![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20discord-7289da.svg)](https://discord.gg/teM2Anj)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo) [![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hexojs/hexo?type=dev)

A fast, simple & powerful blog framework, powered by [Node.js](https://nodejs.org).

## Features

- Blazing fast generating
- Support for GitHub Flavored Markdown and most Octopress plugins
- One-command deploy to GitHub Pages, Heroku, etc.
- Powerful plugin system

## Installation

``` bash
$ npm install hexo-cli -g
```

## Quick Start

**Setup your blog**

``` bash
$ hexo init blog
$ cd blog
```

**Start the server**

``` bash
$ hexo server
```

**Create a new post**

``` bash
$ hexo new "Hello Hexo"
```

**Generate static files**

``` bash
$ hexo generate
```

## More Information

- Visit the [Awesome Hexo](https://github.com/hexojs/awesome-hexo) list
- Read the [documentation](https://hexo.io/)
- Find solutions in [troubleshooting](https://hexo.io/docs/troubleshooting.html)
- Join discussion on [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/hexo)
- See the [plugin list](https://hexo.io/plugins/) and the [theme list](https://hexo.io/themes/) on wiki
- Follow [@hexojs](https://twitter.com/hexojs) for latest news

## Contributing

We welcome you to join the development of Hexo. Please see [contributing document](https://hexo.io/docs/contributing). 🤗

Also, we welcome PR or issue to [official-plugins](https://github.com/hexojs).

## License

MIT
