.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/other.md, before:

---
name: Other
about: Not a question, feature-request, bug
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

<!-- NOTE:

If you find that markdown files are not rendered as expected, please go to https://marked.js.org/demo/ to see if it can be reproduced there. If it can be reproduced, please file a bug to https://github.com/markedjs/marked.

If you want help on your bug, please also send us the git repository (GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket etc...) where your hexo code is stored. It would greatly help.

-->

## Check List

Please check followings before submitting a new issue.

- [ ] I have already confirmed other issue template and they are not different my want

## Information

<!-- Question description -->

## Environment & Settings

**Node.js & npm version**

```
```

**Your site `_config.yml`** (Optional)

```
```

**Your theme `_config.yml`** (Optional)

```
```

**Hexo and Plugin version(`npm ls --depth 0`)**

```
```

**Your package.json `package.json`**

```
```

## Others

<!-- If you have other information. Please write here. -->

Commit message:

chore: add a sentence for private repo investigation

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/other.md, after:

---
name: Other
about: Not a question, feature-request, bug
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

<!-- NOTE:

If you find that markdown files are not rendered as expected, please go to https://marked.js.org/demo/ to see if it can be reproduced there. If it can be reproduced, please file a bug to https://github.com/markedjs/marked.

If you want help on your bug, please also send us the git repository (GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket etc...) where your hexo code is stored. It would greatly help. If you prefer not to have your hexo code out in public, please upload to a private GitHub repository and grant read-only access to hexojs/core

-->

## Check List

Please check followings before submitting a new issue.

- [ ] I have already confirmed other issue template and they are not different my want

## Information

<!-- Question description -->

## Environment & Settings

**Node.js & npm version**

```
```

**Your site `_config.yml`** (Optional)

```
```

**Your theme `_config.yml`** (Optional)

```
```

**Hexo and Plugin version(`npm ls --depth 0`)**

```
```

**Your package.json `package.json`**

```
```

## Others

<!-- If you have other information. Please write here. -->
